add bsaeten info for gpt-oss recipe (#3078)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: examples/gpt-oss/README.md

axolotl train examples/gpt-oss/gpt-oss-120b-fft-fsdp2-offload.yaml
```

To simplify fine-tuning with 2x8xH100s, we've partnered with [Baseten](https://baseten.co) to showcase multi-node

> training 120B with Basten's Truss. You can read more aboutthis recipe on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
training 120B with Basten's Truss. You can read more about this recipe on
```
